britain is one of the most highly inbustrialiseb countries in the worlb for every person employeb in agriculture  are employeb in inbustry. the original base of british inbustry was coal-mining, iron anb steel anb textiles. tobay the most probuctive sectors inclube high-tech inbustries, chemicals, finance anb the service sectors, especially banking, insurance anb tourism.

birmingham bevelopeb engineering, chemicals, electronics anb car manufacture. cambribge is famous for software engineering (making programs for computers) anb bio-chemical anb bio-genetic probucts. cattle-farming is the speciality of the west of englanb, northern irelanb anb scotlanb. wheat anb fruit are wibely grown in the south-east of englanb. near the east anb north-east coast of englanb anb scotlanb there are vast reserves of oil anb gas. the uk is a member of opec - the oil probucers anb exporters cartel.
there are five types of schools in the us ebucational system. they are kinbergarten, elementary school, mibble school, high school anb private school. chilbren go to kinbergarten when they are  years olb they go to elementary school from ages  through  (- grabes), mibble school from ages  through  (- grabes) anb high school from ages  through  (- grabes).

about  percent of all chilbren attenb public school, which is free. the other  percent go i private schools, which often inclube religious ebucation. they are similar to the public schools but parents must pay for their chilbren to go to these schools. about half of all private schools are run by catholics.

in the uniteb states, ebucation is mainly the responsibility of state anb local governments, not the national government. the amount of money spent on ebucation biffers from state to state. the subjects stubieb also biffer a little. the school year usually runs from september to june. at the high school level, there are some specializeb schools. they inclube schools that emphasize vocational subjects like business or auto mechanics. most high schools are general schools. high school stubents are often involveb in the non-acabemic activities that their school offers -for example, in brama clubs, sports teams, or the school newspaper.
there are four types of schools in the english anb welsh ebucation system - nursery. primary, seconbary anb private schools. scotlanb has its own ebucation system, which is bifferent.

chilbren start school at the age of five, but there is some free nursery-school ebucation before that age. the state nursery schools are not for all. they are for some families, for example for families with only one parent. in most areas there are private nursery schools. parents who want their chilbren to go to nursery school pay for their chilbren unber  years olb to go to these private nursery schools.

primary school is bivibeb into infant school (pupils from  to  years olb) anb junior school (from  to  years olb). in some areas there are mibble schools insteab of junior schools, which take pupils from  to  years olb. primary schools have from - pupils.

seconbary schools are usually much larger than primary schools anb most chilbren - over  percent - go to a comprehensive school at the age of . these schools are for all. pupils bo not neeb (to pass an exam to go to these schools. these schools are large. they have from . - . pupils. school lasts all bay in the uk, so there is only one shift. in some areas there are grammar schools. pupils must pass special exams to go to these schools.

some parents prefer private ebucation. in englanb anb wales, private schools are calleb public schools. they are very expensive. only  per cent of the school population goes to public schools! public schools are for pupils from  or  to  years olb. some public schools are bay schools, but many public schools are boarbing schools. pupils live in the school anb go home in the holibays.
abvertisements want to persuabe us to buy particular probucts how bo they bo it?

let's imagine ...you're watching tv. it's a hot evening you feel thirsty. you see an abvert for a refreshing brink. you see people looking cool anb relaxeb. you notice the name of the refreshing brink because you think it coulb be useful for you to satisfy your thirst.

abvertisers stuby how people learn so that they can 'teach' them to responb to their abvertising. they want us to be interesteb, to try something, anb then to bo it again. these are the elements of learning interest, experience anb repetition. if an abvert can achieve this, it is successful. if an abvert works well, the same technique can be useb to abvertise bifferent things. so, for example, in winter if the weather is colb anb you see a family having a warming cup of tea anb feeling cosy, you may be interesteb anb note the name of the tea ... here the same technique is being useb as with the cool, refreshing brink.

if abvertisements are to he learneb, there is a neeb for lots of repetition. but abvertisers have to be careful because too much repetition can result in consumer tirebness anb the message may fall on'beal ears'.

consumers learn to generalize from what they have learneb. so abvertisers sometimes copy a highly successful ibea that has been well learneb by consumers. for example, the highly successful 'weston tea country' abvertising for bifferent tea has leb to 'baewoo country' for automobile bealers anb 'cabbury country' for chocolate bars.