britain is one of the most highly industrialised countries in the world for every person employed in agriculture  are employed in industry. the original base of british industry was coal-mining, iron and steel and textiles. today the most productive sectors include high-tech industries, chemicals, finance and the service sectors, especially banking, insurance and tourism.

birmingham developed engineering, chemicals, electronics and car manufacture. cambridge is famous for software engineering (making programs for computers) and bio-chemical and bio-genetic products. cattle-farming is the speciality of the west of england, northern ireland and scotland. wheat and fruit are widely grown in the south-east of england. near the east and north-east coast of england and scotland there are vast reserves of oil and gas. the uk is a member of opec - the oil producers and exporters cartel.
there are five types of schools in the us educational system. they are kindergarten, elementary school, middle school, high school and private school. children go to kindergarten when they are  years old they go to elementary school from ages  through  (- grades), middle school from ages  through  (- grades) and high school from ages  through  (- grades).

about  percent of all children attend public school, which is free. the other  percent go i private schools, which often include religious education. they are similar to the public schools but parents must pay for their children to go to these schools. about half of all private schools are run by catholics.

in the united states, education is mainly the responsibility of state and local governments, not the national government. the amount of money spent on education differs from state to state. the subjects studied also differ a little. the school year usually runs from september to june. at the high school level, there are some specialized schools. they include schools that emphasize vocational subjects like business or auto mechanics. most high schools are general schools. high school students are often involved in the non-academic activities that their school offers -for example, in drama clubs, sports teams, or the school newspaper.
there are four types of schools in the english and welsh education system - nursery. primary, secondary and private schools. scotland has its own education system, which is different.

children start school at the age of five, but there is some free nursery-school education before that age. the state nursery schools are not for all. they are for some families, for example for families with only one parent. in most areas there are private nursery schools. parents who want their children to go to nursery school pay for their children under  years old to go to these private nursery schools.

primary school is divided into infant school (pupils from  to  years old) and junior school (from  to  years old). in some areas there are middle schools instead of junior schools, which take pupils from  to  years old. primary schools have from - pupils.

secondary schools are usually much larger than primary schools and most children - over  percent - go to a comprehensive school at the age of . these schools are for all. pupils do not need (to pass an exam to go to these schools. these schools are large. they have from . - . pupils. school lasts all day in the uk, so there is only one shift. in some areas there are grammar schools. pupils must pass special exams to go to these schools.

some parents prefer private education. in england and wales, private schools are called public schools. they are very expensive. only  per cent of the school population goes to public schools! public schools are for pupils from  or  to  years old. some public schools are day schools, but many public schools are boarding schools. pupils live in the school and go home in the holidays.
advertisements want to persuade us to buy particular products how do they do it?

let's imagine ...you're watching tv. it's a hot evening you feel thirsty. you see an advert for a refreshing drink. you see people looking cool and relaxed. you notice the name of the refreshing drink because you think it could be useful for you to satisfy your thirst.

advertisers study how people learn so that they can 'teach' them to respond to their advertising. they want us to be interested, to try something, and then to do it again. these are the elements of learning interest, experience and repetition. if an advert can achieve this, it is successful. if an advert works well, the same technique can be used to advertise different things. so, for example, in winter if the weather is cold and you see a family having a warming cup of tea and feeling cosy, you may be interested and note the name of the tea ... here the same technique is being used as with the cool, refreshing drink.

if advertisements are to he learned, there is a need for lots of repetition. but advertisers have to be careful because too much repetition can result in consumer tiredness and the message may fall on'deal ears'.

consumers learn to generalize from what they have learned. so advertisers sometimes copy a highly successful idea that has been well learned by consumers. for example, the highly successful 'weston tea country' advertising for different tea has led to 'daewoo country' for automobile dealers and 'cadbury country' for chocolate bars.